---
author: "Maria Rice"
title: "No Page (11-03-18)"
featured: ""
type: "post"
featuredpath: "/misc/main/no_update_11-03-18.jpg"
categories: ["misc"]
date: "2018-11-03T09:14:56-05:00"
linktitle: ""
featuredalt: ""
description: ""
preview: "/misc/preview/no_update_11-03-18.jpg"

---

Ballpoint pen drawings of Errie and Vix

### No page today---Hope you like sticky notes

As expected, I didn't have time this week to work on page 32. Even before
posting the previous page, I felt more confident about getting it done this
coming week, what with Halloween and All Saint's Day among other things to
worry about.

Nevertheless, I still have a lot to get done on page 32 in one week. I still
haven't put text on it, not to mention flatting and coloring. **Therefore,
hopefully it will not surprise anyone if I can't finish page 32 on time again.**
If that happens, I'll post another no-page update and delay page 32's post
another week.

**This is the _last_ page I'll finish before I take a break from drawing new pages
for a few months.** The only reason I'm trying so hard to post this page and the last
page despite delays is that I don't want to think about unfinished pages when I'm
on break. I apologize for the late/delayed posts recently. I didn't realize until
then that I _really_ needed a break. This year was the first time I ever colored
pages and it was definitely a learning experience on what I can or cannot handle.

### Thanks for reading!

Check out next week's post for more news about my upcoming break! With a good
schedule this coming week, I should be able to post the next page, **but
we'll have to wait and see!** If not, I'll still upload some art!

Have a great weekend!
