---
description: ""
preview: "/misc/preview/no_update_11-10-18.jpg"
linktitle: ""
featuredpath: "/misc/main/no_update_11-10-18.jpg"
featured: ""
date: "2018-11-10T11:45:26-06:00"
categories: ["misc"]
type: "post"
author: "Maria Rice"
title: "No Page (11-10-18)"
featuredalt: ""

---

I'm extending the delay on page 32. I got as far as adding true colors, but I
still have the text with text bubbles and shading left to do.

I'm not stressing out about it though, because now's a good time for...

# Morphic Character Feature!

Today's post features a brief history on **that scary, purple-glowing lady** in
my timeline of writing "Morphic"!

I thought about keeping her name secret until it was actually mentioned in the
comic, but **I don't see any significant repercussions in sharing it, so WHAT THE
HEY.**

### Welcome Tenti the Squid!

Like with other Morphics, I followed the trend of naming her after the species I
based her off of.

# Species and Name Inspiration

After much research, I decided to base her off of the
[Giant Squid, _Architeuthis_](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giant_squid).
The reason why I went with that specific kind of squid is because that's the
**largest** of all species of squid and **it may have inspired stories of the
_Kraken_.** It's one of the more **mysterious** species of squid, such that no one
could verify it's existence except for their dead carcasses washing up on shore.
Here's a [TED talk](https://www.ted.com/talks/edith_widder_how_we_found_the_giant_squid?language=en)
all about some of the first video footage of a live Giant Squid.

The species' name posed a problem for me in naming Tenti. I was thinking of 'Toothy'
for a while (after 'Archi**tueth**is'), but I didn't really like it. It didn't seem to mesh
right with her character.

After a while, I decided to name her after the number of tentacles a giant squid
has---**10**. It also meshed well with '**ten**tacles' and it sounded better than 'Toothy'.

Plus, she's always been very in**ten**se.

I could keep going with this train of thought, but you get the idea. **The name clicked.**

# Clothing and Appearance

The images above are actual photos of sketches I drew of Tenti, dating from **two years ago**,
(while writing the first finished script of "Morphic") to **earlier this year**.

Within that timespan, she remained pretty consistent. I held to keeping her
dark-skinned and wearing attire similar to that worn in ancient northern Africa/Egypt.
I was attached to the idea of her wearing a dress at first, but this year **I knew
I wanted to avoid drawing the folds of _that skirt_**. It also made sense to
make her look more like a mummy or dressed like a woman on a wall of an Egyptian
tomb. **Therefore, the _really easy_ outfit that resulted** not only satisfied
these criteria, **but also balanced out how hard it is to draw the rest of Tenti's
appearance.**

I mean, _black veins **and** tentacles?! **AND** she's glowing???_

She turned into my worst drawing nightmare. I'm _glad_ her outfit is so darn easy!

**ALSO, LAST NOTE ON HER OUTFIT**---I'm proud that she's still wearing that necklace.
One of the most jarring characteristics of any squid is the **single wide-open
eye** and the necklace mimics that **perfectly**.

# ~~Powers and Abilities~~

_Heheheheheheheheheheheheheheheh_ **NO**.

THEY'RE A SECRET. _(For now...)_

You'll just **have to keep reading to find out what her powers are!**

But GUESS WHAT--- You won't have to wait long! In fact, **only until the _next page..._**

_OOOOOOOoooooOOOOOOOOooooooOOOOOOOOO!_

### Thanks for reading!

**I have a good feeling that I'll have page 32 up next weekend, but in case I don't,
I'll still upload a fun post!** I'm giving myself until the end of November to
get this page done, mostly so that I'm not stressing myself out over it. However,
I'm certain I won't need that deadline, it's just a safety net and I'm already
super close to finishing the page.

Anyway, **I appreciate your patience** in my delay to get this page up. As
mentioned above, Tenti is _not_ easy to draw and I'm getting worn out from
drawing/coloring as much as I did this year.

So check out the next post next weekend, in case I post the page! **Have a great
weekend!**
