---
categories: ["misc"]
preview: "/misc/preview/no_update_10-20-18.jpg"
linktitle: ""
featured: ""
author: "Maria Rice"
title: "No Page (10-20-18)"
featuredalt: ""
date: "2018-10-20T11:48:44-05:00"
type: "post"
featuredpath: "/misc/main/no_update_10-20-18.jpg"
description: ""

---

# No page update today. Still working on page 31.

It's been a rough week, but as I mentioned in a previous post, I've been
experiencing a bit of drawing fatigue. I think I exhausted my creative energy
and that's not surprising considering that **I've been drawing AND coloring
_30 pages_** since March, keeping a _weekly_ upload schedule, AND on top of that
_doing some extra posts_ for celebrating 'Morphic's birthday.

That said, I'll have to rethink my upload schedule. **I still want to keep
uploading pages until end of November/beginning of December and then take a
month off**, but I should probably upload less. I'm thinking once every two
weeks. It sounds painstakingly slow to follow and I _didn't_ want to have upload
days so infrequently, but I simply can't keep up with a weekly schedule right
now, so that will have to do for now.

### As a 'Thank you' for checking out my comic, here are some sticky note drawings!

I didn't want to leave readers hanging, so here are some portraits of the main
characters of 'Morphic'! I like to draw in ballpoint pen on sticky notes lately.
It's a very convenient medium. I hope you like them!

### Thanks for reading!

I intend to have the next page ready next week, so come back then to see it! I'll
have more news about my schedule for uploading pages in that post too.

Have a great weekend!
